Welcome back.
Last week you learned about
instruction tuning for
large language models as well as peft.
This week we'll dive into RLHF,
reinforcement learning
from human feedback.
One of those techniques that you may
have heard about in the news, maybe, but
how does it actually work?
We'll take a deep dive into that
as well as the second, I think,
very exciting topic on how to use
LLMs as a reasoning engine and
let it cause our own of
routines to create an agent.
They can take actions.
>> So RLHF is really exciting.
It helps to align the model
with human values.
So, for example,
LLMs might have a challenge in that it's
creating sometimes harmful content or
like a toxic tone or voice.
And by aligning the model
with human feedback and
using reinforcement
learning as an algorithm.
You can help to align the model to
reduce that and to align towards,
less harmful content and
much more helpful content as well.
>> Sometimes people feel like
LLMs train on this horrible,
some horrible internet data feel so
dangerous.
I think many people under
appreciate how powerful RLHF is.
It's certainly imperfect.
LLMs do generate problematic outputs.
But it feels like with
the progress of technology,
researchers are consistently making
them more, I guess, the HS, right?
Honest, hopeful and harmless.
>> Yes, absolutely.
And I'm going to be joined this week,
by the way,
by an applied scientist from Amazon
who will explain a little bit behind
the algorithms being used in
reinforcement learning for this purpose.
So I'm looking forward to that.
This is Ek, right?
Who's going to join us?
Definitely, we also invited Dr.
Nashley Sepus, who's going to talk
with us about responsible AI as well.
>> That's right.
Nashley is going to join us,
and I will have a discussion
with her around the topic of responsible
AI, which is very important as well.
>> And I'm really glad that you
were spending so much time on this.
AI risk is something that a lot of
people are rightfully thinking about.
And I think the seriousness with which
Sophie, all major AI teams that I know of
are taking this and the resources effort
deaf of thought, we're far from perfect.
But Sophie feels like the community is
working very hard to get better at this
every year.
And then in addition to responsible AI and
tuning the models using RLHF,
the other technique that I'm excited
about is using OMS as a reasoning engine.
And giving them the power to make their
own subroutine calls to maybe do a web
search or take other actions.
>> Definitely and
we'll get into that inside this lesson.
And we'll talk about some techniques
that allow you to get around some of
the limitations that we see with large
language models by allowing them to
reason take action through
techniques like react.
We'll also talk about Rag, which allows
you to also access external sources
of information so you can access
domain specific information.
We see a lot of customers that want
to be able to incorporate information
from proprietary data sources into
their generative applications.
So we talk a little bit about
some of those techniques and
methods that allow you to do that.
>> One thing about the giant large
language models is they're so
good at memorizing facts.
You're learning facts off the Internet.
Sometimes people use them as a repository
of facts to get answers to their
questions.
But I think there's a different and
maybe I think,
more helpful way to think of the OMS,
which is if it's a reasoning engine and
you give it APIs to go get its
own facts because it's an okay.
But not the best database of facts,
but it's a very good reasoning engine.
And that, I think,
is a real power of these models.
>> Definitely a lot more cost effective,
right.
Use the database for that information,
and then your generative AI for that,
what it's meant for.
>> That's actually a great point.
>> [LAUGH]
>> And so with that, this final week
has so much exciting stuff,
I am confident you'll enjoy it.
And so let's go on to the next video where
Antir will start to deep dive into RLHF.